Okay, that little claw is back.
Xu Xiao, how do you speak?
Come to this hospital and sit next to me.
Monitor Li, am I wrong?
Who doesn’t know that when I was in school,
You, Wan Hospital and Jiang Wenge are both ironclad.
Now that you have become the big boss, Jiang Wenye has become the manager in Diwang Juli.
Obstetrics and gynecology hospitals are still a stinker.
The only thing I'm not as strong as I am is my little claws.
What I want is already wrong.
You, several of you, are always the ones hurting this family. Sort of.
If it doesn't happen, it won't.
I didn’t expect you to have a strong sense of humility.
Should I still do this?
I'll make you numb
We've all finished eating
Aren't you just running away with blood on the plate?
Respect your mother
I ran away at that time
Not too small under the skin
I was really smart back then
Just want to chase you
What do I have with you now?
I'm afraid I won't even be able to get food to eat.
Actually, you should contact me first instead.
It's quite dangerous, so why are you wearing a power hat?
You dare to be worthy of it
No, I dare not be ashamed